## Australian Bushfires One Page Website
I wanted to create a unique approach to viewing information displayed on a webpage. I firstly chose a color theme of multiple different shades of grey as well as different shades of orange. These two colors paired nicely through the development of the webpage, I chose orange so it would match the theme of bushfires. My navigation bar has a moving underline with a gradient of four different shades of orange, the underline moves to which ever section of the page you are on or when clicked the underline moves to that word, readjusting itself to the correct size. The navigation bar when clicked takes you to that part of the page with a smooth scrolling affect implemented with JavaScript. I created a animation of an arrow pointing downwards hinting to the user that they can scroll down to access more information, as the title page covers the whole screen and isn't obvious. 

I created an image slider on the next section of the page providing the user with visual stimulus of bushfire damage and severity. The slider contains 4 images (can contain 1 - infinite) and rotates through each image after four seconds of viewing. You can manually scroll through each image with the buttons located at the bottom of the slider. When choosing an image the circle fills into a solid color. When on auto play I wanted the circles to fill in, to the corresponding  images displayed e.g. Image 3 is being displayed so the 3rd button is filled in. I couldn't manage to figure out how to do this as I tried multiple different methods and nothing was working how I wanted. 

For the third section of the website is where the information is displayed. I created 6 different cards displayed in 2 rows of 3 as rows of 2 it too little and rows of 4 is too many (I tested both). I created 6 tiles to display the 6 latest bushfires in Australia, from 1974 until the latest in 2020. I can easily create more cards displaying later bushfires but thought that too many cards would fill up the webpage too much, so kept it at a decent amount displaying the bushfires in the past 50 years. When clicking on the card it flips over displaying a subtitle where the bushfire took place and a paragraph on what happened. I wanted to have a "Read More" button displayed at the bottom of the backside of the card which would then pop up a modal going into a in-depth overview of the bushfire with images. I tried implementing this modal idea for around 3 hours, trying 3 different methods.  Although trying for so long I always came to the same result that when clicking the button the modal doesn't appear on the screen, this lead to some very frustrating moments and eventually had to scrap the idea as it was not working and I couldn't figure out why.

Lastly I created a footer with moving waves. I used waves because to put out a fire you need water and so the waves represent water (even though they are orange to fit the color scheme as blue would look out of place on the webpage). I created social link buttons that react to the user hovering over them, as well as a quick links sections leading you back to different parts of the page just the like navigation bar. Lastly I included my name and uid,

